# Face_Recognition
Working on review paper for Face Recognition 
The face_recognition_code.py is basically a simple code to differentiate between faces.
**Classifier:** We specifically employ a linear support vector machine (SVM) classifier as our learning engine which works in the background. This categorization method has lately drawn a lot of interest from the machine learning community due to a number of characteristics that make it particularly appealing.
**Face Recognition:** The world's most straightforward face recognition library lets you recognise and work with faces using Python or even the command line. developed using the most advanced facial recognition technology available from dlib. The model's precision on the Labeled Faces in the Wild benchmark is 99.38 percent. Additionally, a straightforward face recognition command - line interface programme is provided, allowing you to do face recognition on a collection of photographs directly from the command line. We can install this library using pip3 install face_recognition 
**OpenCV:** A computer vision library called Opencv is available freely. The library may be used with Windows, Mac OS X and  Linux. It was created in C and C++. More than 2500 optimised algorithms are available in the collection, including a wide range of both traditional and cutting-edge computer vision and machine learning techniques. Such algorithms can also be used to find similar images from an image database, and remove red eyes from flash-taken photos, follow eye movements, recognize scenery. They can also be used to identify and detect faces, recognize different objects, characterise human actions in videos, track camera movements actions and movemeents, retrieve 3D models of the objects, generate 3D pointed clouds from stereo cameras, sew images together so that to produce high-resolution images, extract 3D models of objects from stereo cameras, and extract 3D models of objects.
